Feat  rdf active feedback (#92)
ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide: docs/rdfactive/access/index.md

# Accessing your Storage Allocation on the RDF-Active

> TODO rename file to `rdfactive-access-index.md`

Reviewer: Please remove all "TODO" lines. It is best to raise this as issues so they can be tracked and don't get forgotten about

```suggestion
```

!!! warning

    You **must** be connected to the campus network or otherwise using the [University's remote access service](../../remoteaccess.md) in order to connect to the RDF-Active.

The RDF-Active is accessible at the following file path:

*  `\\rdf-active.ic.ac.uk\research\` ([Windows](./windows.md)) or
* `smb://rdf-active.ic.ac.uk/research/` ([macOS](./macos.md) and [Linux](./linux.md))

> Once connected to the university network, you can simply use Chrome browser to access the RDF-Active. Simply paste either the above "root" file path or a specific storage allocation's file path into the search bar like a web url. You should be able to navigate through the folders you have access to much like a file browser. Alternatively, you can click on the above links to access the RDF-Active through your OS's built-in file browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once connected to the university network, you can either paste the path above into a file browser or follow the advice for [Windows](./windows.md), [macOS](./macos.md), or [Linux](./linux.md) to mount the RDF-Active permanently.
```
I wouldn't encourage using Chrome as your can't upload data

Author: We should have notes that you can still use Chrome as read-only access though, imo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once connected to the university network, you can either paste the path above into a file browser or follow the advice for [Windows](./windows.md), [macOS](./macos.md), or [Linux](./linux.md) to mount the RDF-Active permanently. If you just want to download a file or two you can also access the [RDF-Active via a web browser like Chrome](file://rdf-active/research/)
```
